# Cybersecurity-portfolio

My intro into cyber security wassort of the more traditional journey. I started in desktop support and was there for 15 years. During the last few years of that I started working with some infosec people on projects and because my department's point person when collaborating with infosec. I found out about the amazing program that SANS Technical Institute has and loved the idea. I started SANS and got my first job as a Security Analyst for about 1.5 years and learned so much during my time there while continuing my cyber journey. The first cyber job is where I got my first taste of true incident response and digital forensics. From then on I just simply could not get enough. I have had a few cyber positions and each one gaining more responsibility and having more fun: Security analyst, Sr. Security analyst, and finally Security Engineer. I now stand up and maintain EDR implementations, work deeply with SIEMs and collaborate with customers as well as continue my analyst work. I eventually started my own company, CaseIntel Research, and am in the process of getting my P.I. license to do OSINT work for attorneys.

I currently hold the following certifications: A+, GFACT, GSEC, GCIH, GWAPT, GPYC. By the end of my program I will have 10-11 total GIAC certifications.

I have participated in a few CTFs; TraceLabs Search party CTF where participants use OSINT skills to find artifacts about real missing people and submit them to authorities to help find these missing people. The second CTF i participated in was the National Cyber League where I place in the 75th percentile (119/466) in the individual games.

